Event Sheduling -
Assessment Phase : Any delayed effects from turns exectuted prior (by any player targetting you, or you targetting any player) are checked
Draw Phase : If you possess a token, draw a card if not obstructed by a card effect, trigger draw related card effects.
Action Phase : Play a maximum of two cards unless interrupted by other effects, other players can respond with counter clash cards.
End Phase : Turn ends, nothing happens.

New Card Ideas -
Delayed Effects --
	Time Bomb - Roll three dice and pick one, after that number of turns, blow up the current player's dice.
	Remote Detonator - Roll your dice and pick one, after that number of turns, blow up two cards picked blindly from the player's hand.
Draw Interruption --
	Double Deposit - Return one card to the lottery, the next player must return two cards to the lottery.
	Fake Ticket - The next player has their draw reduced by one.
	Lost and Found - Return two cards to the main lottery, Next turn, draw two cards.
	Bonus! - Every player immediately draws a card.
Action Cards --
	Glass Cieling -- Roll your dice, the other players cannot achieve a value higher than what you have rolled for your turn and the next players turn.
	The Floor Is Lava -- Roll a die, if the next player rolls a value lower than or equal to that value, their roll is lost.
	Power Throw -- Throw an additional die.
	Mini Toss -- Modify default dice throw to throw each die separately. (Counters Glass Cieling)
	It's All In The Wrist -- Roll your dice, you are guaranteed a double.
	Pitfall -- Roll your dice, leave a pitfall at your starting position until your next turn. Pitfall swallows the dice of any player that lands on it, sending their token back to square one.
	Inquisition -- Predict the value of a die roll, get an extra turn if you guessed correctly.
	Risky Toss -- Roll your dice, depending on the value you may draw or lose cards. 6/7/8 -- Discard a card. 5/9 -- Draw a Rarity 2 card. 2/3/4/10/11/12 -- Draw a Rarity 3 Card.
Clash Cards --
	Duel -- Clash dice with the next player. The loser loses their turn or next turn.
	Call to conquest -- Clash dice with every player, if you win they all lose their next turn. If you lose, you lose as many turns as each other player.

** Rolling a double will make that dice throw immune to the effects of other players.
** Rolling a double with the first throw will grant a single bonus throw.
** If a double is rolled twice, a player can discard one card and draw a replacement from the lottery.